OPEN MERCH STUDIO — STORE OWNER INSTALLATION

Each installation runs one merchant's store. Use accounts you own; do not
reuse another merchant's database, payment account, or provider credentials.

ONE-TIME HOSTING SETUP
1. Fork the repository and import your fork into your own Vercel team.
2. Follow DEPLOYMENT.md for Node, database migrations, and private storage.
   Configure FRONTEND_URL and BACKEND_URL for this installation.
3. Set a long, randomly generated ADMIN_ACCESS_CODE in Vercel Production.
   This is the owner access code for /admin. Never commit it.
4. To enter provider values inside /admin, configure these server-only
   Production environment values in Vercel's dashboard:

   OMS_SETUP_VERCEL_TOKEN       A token authorized for your own Vercel team
   OMS_SETUP_VERCEL_PROJECT_ID  The exact prj_... ID of this installation
   OMS_SETUP_VERCEL_TEAM_ID     The exact team_... ID owning that project
   OMS_SETUP_DEPLOY_HOOK_URL    Optional deploy hook for this project's production branch

   The hosting bridge is disabled outside Vercel Production. Scope its token
   to the owning team and grant the minimum available project permissions.
   Keep these values out of Preview and client/public environment variables.
   The app verifies the project and team before every write. It does not
   accept a different project or token through the admin form.
5. Deploy. Open /admin and sign in with your admin access code.

DAY-TO-DAY ADMINISTRATION
- Artwork & limits: choose Image 2.5 Flare or Image 2.5 Sunburst.
  Model and budget changes persist in PostgreSQL and apply to new requests.
  Existing artwork files are preserved. No paid verification call is made.
- Connections: open your provider's account, copy the requested credentials,
  and save them. Blank fields preserve existing values. Secrets are sent
  only to your store's backend and stored as sensitive hosting variables.
- Click Redeploy with saved values. The deploy hook builds the configured
  branch, including its latest commits. A requested build is not proof of
  completion. After it succeeds, refresh status to confirm activation.
- If you have no deploy hook, redeploy in your Vercel dashboard instead.
- Secrets are never displayed after saving. To rotate one, enter a replacement.
  To remove a credential, use the hosting dashboard.
- Changing a database or payment account on an operating store requires an
  intentional migration. Old orders belong to the original data/accounts.

LOCAL DEVELOPMENT / OTHER HOSTS
Set ADMIN_ACCESS_CODE in your ignored backend .env and run npm run dev.
Without DATABASE_URL, admin settings are an explicitly labeled local demo:
they survive page reloads but reset when the server restarts. Production
never silently falls back to this mode. On other hosts, manage provider
values using that host's secret manager and restart the service.

BRAND AND LAUNCH
Store profile lets you edit branding, colors, support details, order/email
labels, and all five policy/support pages. Save a private draft first, review
the complete text, and publish the saved profile for the next deployment.
Changed merchant or policy content requires a new policy version and your
explicit approval. Policy promises are never rewritten automatically.
The hosting value OMS_MERCHANT_PROFILE is applied by the root npm run build.
See docs/architecture/admin-merchant-profile.md for the publication contract.
The committed config/merchant.config.json and config/policies/ remain the
initial installation defaults. Prepare a logo and sharing image privately in
Store profile. Those images become public only in the deployed profile.
Set the store website URL there, then attach the domain and configure DNS
in your hosting account. Country/currency, catalog pricing, and first-time
policy setup still need installation work.
Installation now includes a resumable owner checklist and read-only checks
for database migration history, private bucket access and configured values.
Select your store type to focus the next steps. Confirm tasks only after
you have performed them. A changed deployed identity or account configuration
clears earlier confirmations for review. Automatic provisioning and OAuth
remain outside this version; account signup and verification stay with you.

Credentials do not activate commerce. Configure and verify the server gates,
your signed webhooks, catalog, merchant identity, and approved policies using
DEPLOYMENT.md and docs/launch/paid-beta-runbook.md. Keep
PRINTFUL_AUTO_CONFIRM_ORDERS=false for review-before-production fulfillment.

Never put real credentials in a support ticket, screenshot, URL, or commit.
The admin access code is held only in memory for the open page. Reloading
requires signing in again. Rotate ADMIN_ACCESS_CODE to revoke access.

DATABASE AND PRIVATE STORAGE RECOVERY
- Before changing a working database or storage project, create a database
  backup and a separate private-artwork backup. They are one recovery set.
- Verify the selected project is your intended installation. With the matching
  DATABASE_URL configured privately, run from the repository's backend folder:
    npx prisma migrate status
    npx prisma migrate deploy
  These are one-time operator commands; never run a reset on an operating store.
- If migration history reports a failure, preserve the database and read the
  failing migration with your operator. Repair the cause and use the documented
  Prisma migration recovery workflow; do not mark it complete just to clear
  the check. Installation checks are read-only and cannot apply migrations.
- Keep the configured upload bucket private. Verify its project URL, bucket
  name and service-role access in Connections, redeploy, then run the checks.
- If a value is present but account behavior fails, confirm it belongs to this
  account and environment. Rotate it through Connections and redeploy. Do not
  share the value or a screenshot that contains it in a support request.

WEBHOOK AND DOMAIN REVIEW
- Set the Store website URL to the HTTPS address you own. Add that domain in
  your hosting account and follow the DNS instructions shown for your domain.
  Saving the profile does not purchase a domain or change DNS.
- Stripe events go to /api/stripe/webhook on your backend. Configure the
  signing secret for that endpoint and the events checkout.session.completed,
  checkout.session.expired, and charge.refunded. Verify test-mode delivery
  against the matching test-mode account before a separate live-money test.
- Printful events go to /api/printful/webhook. Configure the matching webhook
  public and secret keys. Confirm a paid order remains a draft for manual review.
- Test customer order access, duplicate payment-event handling and your refund
  workflow. A browser success redirect alone is never fulfillment proof.
- Optional customer email requires a verified sender and delivery evidence.
  Otherwise, keep email disabled and use the published support workflow.
